TV series

Power, Mr robot, Ozark, Rick and Morty, Breaking bad, Archer, Fargo, Orange is the new black, South Park
Empire, Narcos, better call saul, Peaky blinders,

Heres a list of what I consider to be must watch tv series.


Power

genre:Crime,Drama

IMDB Rating 8.2/10 pukks rating 9/10

synopsis

James "Ghost" St. Patrick, a wealthy New York night club owner who
has it all, catering for the city's elite and
dreaming big, lives a double life as a drug kingpin.

Pukks Thoughts

A gripping tv series drama watching life at the top of the new york drugs ladder
this one had me interested from episode one and the whole series has been
watched more than once. Plenty of twists and turns to be offered in this
and courtesy of 50 cent and co it has some great music with it. this is definetly in my top tv series.


Mr Robot

genre: crime, drama, thriller

IMdb rating 8.6/10 pukks rating 9.5/10

synopsis

Follows Elliot, a young programmer working as a
cyber-security engineer by day, and a vigilante hacker by night.

Pukks Thoughts

A really good tv series easily in my top 5 of tv series that I have watched.
Without giving too much away this reminds of the film 'Fight club'.
The way this is narrated is top quality sort of like you are livng inside his head.
If your interested in computers this tv series is a must watch.

Rik and Morty

genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy

IMdb rating 9.3/10 Pukks rating 9/10

synopsis

An animated series that follows the exploits of a super scientist and his not-so-bright grandson.


Pukks Thoughts

I didn't know what to expect when I started watching this tv series and since i'd never heard
of it before I wasn't expecting it to take my interests. But like a bad gambler
my expectations were way off. This to me is a cross between dexters Labarotory
and south park.

Breaking Bad

genre : crime, drama, thriller

IMdb rating 9.5/10  pukks rating 10/10

synopsis

A high school chemistry teacher diagnosed with inoperable lung cancer
 turns to manufacturing and selling methamphetamine in order to secure his family's future.
Also worth watching is the spinoff Better call saul this v series even though its from a different point of view is definetley
in my top ten.


Pukks Thoughts

Breaking bad had been mentioned to me a few times before I decided to watch this top tv series
and I was far from disappointed. If you didn't know how crystal meth was made after watching this.
You may be an expert. A gripping tv series and the 9.5 rating from IMdb is very much justified.

Narcos

genre : biography, crime, drama

IMdb rating 8.9/10 pukks rating 10/10

synopsis

A chronicled look at the criminal exploits of Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar, as well as
the many other drug kingpins who plagued the country through the years.

pukks Thoughts

Even though this is in full subtitles and I'm not the biggest fan of them this is by far
one of my best tv series. Maybe its the fact its based on a true story which made this
one so interesting.

Orange is the new black

genre : comedy, crime, drama

IMdb rating 8.2/10 pukks rating 9/10

synopsis

 Convicted of a decade old crime of transporting drug money to an ex-girlfriend, normally
law abiding Piper Chapman is sentenced to a year and a half behind bars to face
 the reality of how life changing prison can really be.

pukks thoughts

This one has plenty of jokes and small stories of the different characters in this top series.
Plenty of jokes in this one aswell as well as serious.

Ozark

genre: crime, drmam, thriller

IMdb rating 8.4 pukks 9.5/10

synopsis

A Chicago-based financial advisor secretly relocates his family to the Missouri Ozarks when his dealings with a drug cartel go awry.

pukks thoughts

A close friend recommended this one to me and it definatelt deserves a higher
rating than what IMdb has given it imo. Not knowing what to expect kept me nterested
i this one another top crime based tv and I cant wait for the next series to begin.

Empire

genre: Drama, Music

IMdb Rating 7.7/10 pukks rating 8.5/10

synopsis

A hip-hop mogul must choose a successor among his three sons who are battling for control
 over his multi-million dollar company, while his ex-wife schemes to reclaim what is hers.

Pukks Thoughts

I thought I wans't a  fan of musicals but after wathcing Empire I've learnt its
not that iits a musical it's that I just don't enjoy the music. This is an interesting
top drama series id say it's a sort of hood dalls if anybody remembers that show.


The get down

genre: drrama, music, musical

IMdb rating 8.4/10 Pukks rating 8/10

synopsis

A ragtag group of teenagers run wild in the streets of the Bronx in the late 1970s.

pukks Thoughts

An interesting watch revolving around the hiphop revolution has a kung fu sort of them which i believe was popular around
those times. It is another hiphop musical series but like I said about empire
if you like the music then youmay enjoy this series.

Peaky Blinders

genre: Crime, Drama

IMdb rating 8.8/10 Pukks ratting 9/10

synopsis

A gangster family epic set in 1919 Birmingham, England and centered on a gang who sew razor
blades in the peaks of their caps, and their fierce boss Tommy Shelby, who means to move up in the world.

pukks thoughts

Since I'm British and I have lived in birmingham this deinetley got my attention.
There arent many british tv series that I watch but this one is good enough to make
the cut.

